 <p>Coca-Cola’s relationship with Andy Warhol began in 1962, when he began using the iconic Coca-Cola bottle in his pop art. Warhol’s use of the Coke bottle came at a time when he was establishing himself as an artist and he used the bottle as inspiration to develop his own identity.
                        One of his first Coca-Cola inspired artworks was named ‘Green Coca-Cola Bottles’ which featured 112 empty green glass Coke bottles in 7 rows of 16, with the Coca Cola logo featured at the bottom of the painting.</p> <a href="https://www.coca-colacompany.com/au/faqs/whats-the-history-behind-andy-warhols-coca-cola-bottle-painting">Read More</a>
                        
                        
                        
                        <p>Andy Warhol famously appropriated familiar images from consumer culture and mass media, among them celebrity and tabloid news photographs, comic strips, and, in this work, the widely consumed canned soup made by the Campbell’s Soup Company. When he first exhibited Campbell’s Soup Cans in 1962, the canvases were displayed together on shelves, like products in a grocery aisle. At the time, Campbell’s sold 32 soup varieties; each one of Warhol’s 32 canvases corresponds to a different flavor. (The first flavor the company introduced, in 1897, was tomato).
                            Though Campbell’s Soup Cans resembles the mass-produced, printed advertisements by which Warhol was inspired, its canvases are hand-painted, and the fleur de lys pattern ringing each can’s bottom edge is hand-stamped. Warhol mimicked the repetition and uniformity of advertising by carefully reproducing the same image across each individual canvas. He varied only the label on the front of each can, distinguishing them by their variety. Warhol said of Campbell’s soup, “I used to drink it. I used to have the same lunch every day, for 20 years, I guess, the same thing over and over again.” </p> <a href="https://www.moma.org/learn/moma_learning/andy-warhol-campbells-soup-cans-1962/">Read More</a>
                            
                            <p>The Marilyn Diptych (1962) is a silkscreen painting by American pop artist Andy Warhol depicting Marilyn Monroe. The piece is one of the artist's most noted works. It is in the collection of the Tate.</p> <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marilyn_Diptych">Read More</a>
                    